
= MAGE WIKI = 

= Campaigns = 

	== DM Notes ==
	
		[[Tuesday Pitch]]

		Both the Church and the Hermetics are actively working to limit the spread of language and knowledge.

		Lands of Prester John - Mythological King said to have been descended from the Three Magi.

		War is constant and changing every decade.

		Franciscans went after the Jews the most. 

		[[The Plern]]		
		[[Online Game]]

	== Logs ==
	
	== Plot Hooks ==
	
		Villiage that has gone through numerous Priests, Pagan rites of some sort?

		[[Sesion Log|7/21]] 

	=== Current Questions ===

= Setting =

	== Characters ==

		=== Player Characters ===
		In Group Game
			
		
		Kieran 
			Concept: Entropy/Time - A Prophecy Breakers, believes things to be fated but wants to unmake that which is Fated. Seer of Chronos
			Wonder: Slave
			Antagonist: Prophecy writer? Statitician? Playwright?
		Angel
			Concept: Life/Spirit/Matter - Alchemist, possible Solficati. 
		Glenn
			Science based-mage, believes all should be enlightened regardless 
		Dani
			Jewish, most likey has crypto-jewish family.
		Matt 
				
		Zeke
		
		=== Non-Player Characters ===
		
		[[sessions/characters/npc/chef_magic|Chef Seer of Chronos]]
		Order of Reason Musician who can literally hear the "Music of the Spheres", listens intently to the very vibrations of exsistence. Prime/Forces/Mind.

		=== Antagonists ===

		=== Spirits ===
		
	== History ==
	
	[[setting/history/urbino|The City Of Urbino]]
	[[setting/history/slavery|Slavery]]
	Crypo Judaism
		Gracia Mendes Nasi - Jeiwsh woman significant of escorting jews during the Inquisition

	Beginning of an actual middle class.
	
	Explore French Humanism?
	
	By 1500 Western European printing presses had produced over 20 million volumes.

	Ergot causes visions. 
	
	Country Morris Dancing
	
	Dowsing is just a thing.

	Mage who builds an Inn that attract a small town around it within a couple of years. Maybe around a Cray?
	
	== Factions ==
	
		=== Mages ===
		
			=== Traditions ===

			Ngoma
			Sisters of Hippolyta
			
			[[The Hermetic Philosophy]]
			
			 Group of armed guards for a pack train.
			 
			 Older Hermetics are very upset that ancient secret knowledge can be just anybodies. Actively work to limit the paper inudstry? 
			 Church actively fights the translation of the Bible to keep the word of God for just the clergy.
			 
			 The Actor's Guild
			 
			 Monti Di Pieta, Malta - Grand Financiers Base? 
			 
			 Guilds are basically unions, definitely instituitions of power.
	
			
		
			=== Order of Reason === 
		
			Coisian that focuses on bees?
			
			Surgeon who is actually an Artificer, not a Coisian. Believes the human body is nothing more than a machine.

			Herbalists

			=== Disparates ===
			
		=== Other Supernaturals ===	
			=== Leeches ===
		=== Mortal Institutions ===	
		
		
	
	== Wonders ==
	
	== Locations == 	

= System = 

	Searching - Ask are you rolling Awareness, Alertness, of Arete?


= Things to Add = 
To read: 
L'Écuyer d'Henri le Navigateur

Portugese would refer to Henry the Navigator as Infante Dom Henrique.

Military Order of Christ, ex Templar Order headquartered in Tomar

The Island of Rhodes - The Knights Hospitaller

1488 is the middle of the 1st Ottoman-Mamluk War
Salim was the Sultan of the Ottoman Empire in 1488

MAdeira
Madeira has the more stable weather but the storms of Azores make it more fertilet
 
Azores
From [[https://books.google.com/books?id=hphHAAAAYAAJ&pg=PA409&lpg=PA409&dq=Joshua+Vander+Berg+of+Bruges&source=bl&ots=3O4I4HupOC&sig=LZkhNrAUn1CBJF9_OrtTG9his7A&hl=en&sa=X&ved=2ahUKEwii7-6jpu3cAhUCn-AKHVEZDhMQ6AEwBHoECAYQAQ#v=onepage&q=Joshua%20Vander%20Berg%20of%20Bruges&f=false|Four Years in the Pacific: In Her Majesty's Ship "Collingwood," from 1844 to 1848, Volume 2]]
	Officially taken by Don Henry of Portugal with a large expedition in 1449
	Island is filled with hawks. 
	Portugese claim to have found the islands completely empty, save for a number of birds, yet the fields were 
	Given as Dower to the Duchess of Burgundy, Margaret of York, and were colonized with Flemings. Colonists were more concerned with profit than governments and quickly viewed the King of Portugal as their Master. 
	St. Micheal is the largest island and would be the seat of the Bishop
	Agra, in the island of Terceira, is the seat of government.
	Current among the Islands is strong.









