= Rennaissance Mages =

Merchant Family

International Trade/Magic

Politics

Traditions
----------

= Novo Trade Family =

	== Dominguez is the Eldest Son ==
	Desire: Has promised you to marry a Spanish princess in a matrilineal marriage, because the family does not trust your judgement.
	Obstacle: Dominguez is Incredibly homosexual, talking a 5 here.

	== Diaz is a Bastard Heir ==
	Desire: Wants him to marry a Portuguese noble, to secure the family's future. 
	Obstacle: Diaz doesn't want an anchor.
	
	== Baasco is the Executor of the Estate ==
	Desire: Get Diaz to acknowledge his heritage, because has no other heirs other than Dominguez.
	Obstacle: Wants to continue to explore and does not like the family.

= Dominguez the Seer, Speculative Investor =

	== Eldest son of the family. ==
	Desire: I want Diaz's elder brother, Father Juan to talk him into taking his heritage back.
	Obstacle: Dominguez turned Father Juan's to sin, and Father Juan sees his as nothing more than temptation. 

	== Cousin to Dominguez ==
Diaz 	Desire: Wants Diaz to take the title of heir apparent, beucause Dominguez does not want to rule.
	Obstacle: Diaz wants to remain unburdened with responsibility.

	== Owns Bassco ==
	Desire: Wants him to stop sleeping with Rodrigo, because Dominguez is still in love with him.
	Obstacle: Bassco is conspiring with Rodrigo.

= Diaz the Solficati, Merchant Journeyman =

	== Bastard Heir of the Novo's ==
	Desire: I want the financial backing to go to study abroad, so I can ignore the responsibility of the family.
	Obstacle: The family will only allow you to go to university if you accept your lineage.

	== Ward of Baasco ==
	Desire: Wants Baasco to leave him alone, because he is a flaming racist.
	Obstacle: Baasco believes Diaz is the path to his freedom.

	== Cousin to Dominguez ==
	Desire: Wants Domingo to invest in his alchemical pursuits, because he wants Dominguez to respect his research.
	Obstacle: Because one of Diaz's experiments accientally killed numerous people.


= Baasco the Akashic Brother, Steward =

	== Executor of the family's estate ==
	Desire: Wants the patriarch to die, because the patriarch has stated he will never release Baasco.
	Obstacle: The patriarch does not want Dominguez to inherit.

	== Diaz's Guardian ==
	Desire: Wants Diaz to start acting like an adult, Baasco's future is in limbo until he is released from his guardianship.
	Obstacle: Ever since the accident is afraid of being reponsible for anyone else's family.

	== Is owned by Dominguez ==
	Desire: Wants to go back home, want to be free to pursue personal pursuits
	Obstacle: Thinks Baasco is the only one who can keep Diaz safe from his enemies.

Dominguez only knows that the accident was Diaz's fault because of Time magic.

Rodrigo deliberately sold Diaz bad herbs.

Dominguez is absolutely loyal to the family's Patriarch, 

Pedro de Novo

Domingo Pero de Novo.

Dominguez seduced his sister's lover, who died in childbirth with Diaz. Diego ran away to take the cloth leaving Diaz a bastard. Dominguez assigned his slave, Baasco to care for Diaz. 

Father Juan sends a letter to 

Baasco used his Tradtion connections to get him purchased by Dominguez. Hasn't murdered Pedro because of his loyalty to Pedro and Dominguez.

Father Juan, was Father Juan 
